[Pending] Add custom magnetometer orienation documentation (#2135)
PX4/PX4-user_guide: en/config/flight_controller_orientation.md

By default the flight controller (and external compass(es), if present) should be placed on the frame top-side up, oriented so that the arrow points towards the front of the vehicle.
If the board or an external compass are mounted in any other orientation then you will need configure this in the firmware.

## Orientation definition

ROLL, PITCH and/or YAW for flight controller and sensors are calculated relative to the vehicle's forward (x), right (y), down (z) axes.

You can use this tool for visualizing the Euler angles : https://compsci290-s2016.github.io/CoursePage/Materials/EulerAnglesViz/

![Frame Heading](../../assets/concepts/frame_heading.png)

> The axes to rotate around stay the same from one rotation step to the next one. So the frame to perform the rotation in stays fixed. This is also known as "**extrinsic rotation**(roll-pitch-yaw sequence)". Read more about it in [this article](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Euler_angles#Conventions_by_extrinsic_rotations).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The axes to rotate around stay the same from one rotation step to the next one.
So the frame to perform the rotation in stays fixed.
This roll-pitch-yaw sequence is also known as [extrinsic rotation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Euler_angles#Conventions_by_extrinsic_rotations).
```

By default the flight controller (and external compass(es), if present) should be placed on the frame top-side up, oriented so that the arrow points towards the front of the vehicle.
If the board or an external compass are mounted in any other orientation then you will need configure this in the firmware.

> ## Orientation definition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Orientation Definition

```

> ROLL, PITCH and/or YAW for flight controller and sensors are calculated relative to the vehicle's forward (x), right (y), down (z) axes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Roll, pitch and/or yaw for flight controller and sensors are calculated relative to the vehicle's forward (x), right (y), down (z) axes.

```

For more information see [Basic Concepts](../getting_started/px4_basic_concepts.md#heading-and-directions).
:::

### Supported rotations

> PX4 supports the rotations defined by the MAVLink's [MAV_SENSOR_ORIENTATION](https://mavlink.io/en/messages/common.html#MAV_SENSOR_ORIENTATION) enumerator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PX4 supports the MAVLink rotations defined in [MAV_SENSOR_ORIENTATION](https://mavlink.io/en/messages/common.html#MAV_SENSOR_ORIENTATION).

```

> Note that a custom rotation is also available for a magnetometer if it is not mounted in one of the supported rotation configurations. For this, please refer to [Setting a custom rotation](../assembly/mount_gps_compass.md#custom-magnetometer-orientation) chapter of the Magnetometer mounting documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that [custom rotations](../assembly/mount_gps_compass.md) are also supported.
```
